### 30th Jan 2024
The only thing I have realized is, I have come so far in social interacation , I used to have so huge social anxiety, now I have overcome it, I think bcs of main reason

1. We should focus on ourselves and work on things learn from things, learn to love certain things, learn do do things properly from that comes probably a confidence and from that comes a proper thing with socail anxiety.
2. also this is specific to me, I have got very much used to fearing people, that is i always be in tense situation, with people, try to make thing funny or interesting somehow to make them like me or make situation less awkward.
3. now that fear is what making me behaving like normal person, suddenly I have realized, why am I fearing, and what exactly I am fearing, I have realized, I don’t have anything. I’ve just simply have that fearful feeling to spend time with people.
4. once after I have realizing that, I realized it is actually very interesting to talk with people, knowing about their experiences, I genuinely got curios and this is really something I am genuinely enjoying

So I think I have realized main things that

1. Be yourself, be like the way you want to be, important thing is keep promises you did for yourself, don’t not keep them. If you think you cannot keep that promise for yourself, then don’t even make that promise. This is very important. this builds huge confidence, I think this works with building confidence for Sravya and Siva also.
2. Then once, you start loving yourself by keeping promise for yourself bcs you know what you are and you are ok with that, then you be genuinely honest and with others, this will give good go of positive cycle build. Goes on and on.